I am a working woman.
I can't believe I spent half of my life as a homemaker just for a homemaker to destroy it.
She did you a favor.
Finally let you see the truth about D. or Miles.
I told you years ago that he was slimed but you know nobody listens to Maggie.
Okay.
I guess that's not too late to start over.
Well, listen to this, okay?
Back in college everyone thought you were going places.
You were a shining star and now that that bastard is finally out of your life
you're going to shine again.
You're going to shine so bright you're going to light up this whole city.
I love you.
Shine, shine, shine.
Shine.
Ooh, okay.
We're shining.
You're shining.
Yes.
We're shining.
We're drinking.